Update manual.md (#64)
Qv2ray/qv2ray.github.io: docs/en/manual.md

For versions below V2ray-Core 4.23.1

Update 2020-05-30: Due to implementation flaws, V2ray-Core will use a hard-coded TLS cipher suite list when the AllowInsecureCiphers option is not turned on. This will cause V2ray-Core's TLS traffic to have obvious characteristics. Enabling AllowInsecureCiphers in Qv2ray will Temporarily alleviate this problem, you need to re-import all affected connections after turning on this option

===
Part Two:

#Advanced routing settings

> Advanced routing settings and the routing editor are distinctive features of Qv2ray. With their functionality, you can achieve precise control of traffic, such as on-demand proxy, domestic and foreign distribution, etc., and even dolls 🤣~

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Advanced routing settings and the routing editor are distinctive features of Qv2ray. With their functionality, you can achieve precise control of traffic, such as on-demand proxy, domestic and foreign distribution, etc., and even do Matryoshkas 🤣~
```

Author: Agreed
